how do mr. Shannon we're here at Jerry's
left-handed guitar shop in Sarasota
Florida this is the best guitar shop in
the world if you're left-handed it has
nothing but top range left-handed
guitars if you'd like to find out more
please check the links in the
description below this particular guitar
is an original 1976 Fender Stratocaster
and what can I say this is the real deal
it's not relic it's just old this is a
secondhand one the jerries managed to
pick up and we're gonna play it straight
into a heritage combo amplifier I'm
clean and I'm also going to be using a
Timmy overdrive pedal to give it some
Drive so let's give this a shot one
thing to note unlike some of the more
modern strats the switch is only three
positions so you get neck middle and
bridge all the way to the back there's
none of the out of phase positions on
this one
so let's give this a shot let's start on
the neck pickup
over to the middle pickup now it doesn't
have the out of phase positions
and bridge pickup
this with the Timmy overdrive pedal with
everything set to about twelve o'clock
back to the middle
and bridge the gap
so the overdrive pedal still on I'm just
gonna turn down a little bit
those who like a bit of extra gain I've
turned the drive now up to about three
o'clock
thanks for watching if you have any
comments questions or suggestions feel
free to leave them in the comments below
and I'll get back to you as soon as I
can if you'd like to find out more about
Jerry's awesome left-handed guitar shop
in Sarasota Florida check out the
description all the links are in there
feel free to contact him about his
awesome range of guitars he's got
hundreds and hundreds of amazing
left-handed guitars that you'll not find
anywhere else this collection is second
to none in my opinion so it's an awesome
shop and a big thanks to Jerry for
allowing me to demo some of these while
I'm in the US so feel free to comment
below and I'll get back to you when I
can
thanks for watching see ya